But that was a long time ago, I wasn't drunk at the time.	27
Thank you. I’ve got till next week to find out then :)	0
Show him how hilarious season 1 and 2 of Family Guy is. Then show him how incredibly stupid the rest of the series is.	2
Mine said I was most closely correlated with Gujarat (not a surprise) and Karnataka (which I didn't know at all)	27
Come on. Foul or not, that was a great move	14
will do, thanks	0
[NAME] is just awesome. I have vacancies for long range adoptive grannies if she's not busy?	14
Sadly no, everything was thrown around the room, and everytime I rebuilt something, it would be annihilated again.	25
I hope your brother is okay. Don’t listen to this guy, he’s a cunt.	17
Well done. I like it!!	14
Why was nobody driving the damn thing? They were all in the backseat. :/	2
Didn't even get a chuckle out of me. I guess its just too high brow for my dumb brain.	25
I feel like I already knew, I just needed to have someone else tell me to really open up my eyes. Thank you for your comment	0
They've all fucked your mother. Just ask them.	2
I would give it a day before people started changing their minds if we had this option	6
It's a shame cause I spent countless hours squading up on BF1, then played the BF5 beta with high expectations only to be very let down.	25
This is so cool! I love the hat.	0
If its your first time with dxm, I would take that first and maybe the other drugs on the comedown	27
100%. She's made herself vulnerable to being sued by a few people.	0
"You did not say you thought you did you said ""they both blocked me"" and then went back and edited your comment. LOL."	17
You people.	27
Ikr. Who the hell goes to Greggs for *pizza*?	2
I love you, as a feminist with ASD words are very hard for me and you described this so well	0
This is terrifying	14
He was an awful HC, is in his 70s and has repeatedly said he doesn’t want to do it again. 	11
His loss! A child is the most precious thing life has to offer. Good riddance, you deserve better.	14
***RUINS THE BALANCE IN THE FORCE***	27
Ballroom Blitz. Thank me later.	0
very confident !!!!	17
you should be super proud of yourself. super, super proud. you are absolutely strong, brave and above all AWESOME!! 	14
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind for sure. After I get my Cadians and Lizardmen finished up I'm gonna start looking into Bolt Action	0
well put yourself in his shoes though, it could make for a possible hostile working environment as well as be detrimental to his livelihood.	17
"Translation: ""I don't think restaurant employees should be allowed to express frustration under any circumstances."""	27
Ah man, so many memories of those skits	17
I don't see how a NBC journalist's departure is relevant to the SCW, especially since he didn't cover Syria on the ground.	27
Not about my first name but I'm gonna change my last name.	0
I can't pluck it, hurts too much. So every few days I shave a strand of hair on my chin.	25
Honestly at this point they need to do that or adjust [NAME] 3d model. The command grabs literally go thru opponents constantly, it looks weird as hell	2
You're talking about something complete different there.	6
Use it to your advantage. You will figure out a way. Just get your self esteem up real quick.	17
I've learned everyone in this video is an idiot	2
Ok for what it is fake or not this is fucking hilarious lmao	17
Politics in the KRG are some of the dumbest and most petty of the Middle East.	2
Skeptical approach, always lol	17
West Hartford, CT. Unfortunately it's not religious. Thank you for the response.	0
That would be awesome	17
> DoorDash also does this. u/workingwa?	27
I didn't think it was that bad ><	11
The social cohesion after brexit is going to be super cool too, everyone with flags on the windows.	14
I love this. I started to play PK again and I would love this	0
Turgeon offense at it's finest. The ball never gets past the three point line and [NAME] just hits a three in someone's face.	0
“Oh you’d like that wouldn’t you?”	27
See there you go. Using the excuse to excuse the excuse.	27
Sorry, yes they do. [NAME] is the worst QB mentioned in that list.	10
I heard a version of this where the president was also a woman!	27
Start a relaxing bedtime routine. Goggle sleep hygiene and make sure yours is good. Get over your weird thing about reading and try it!	17
[NAME] that is frightening...	14
Thank you. This is something I really needed to hear. Hugs, mama.	0
You're an uneducated twat.	2
Bloody Peasant!	2
"Agreed. If anyone was ""murdered by words"" it was all the posts, including the top posts that make [NAME] look like an idiot."	0
The building with a castle on top of it would be my childhood depiction of the Renaissance tower	27
Wow amazing gift you have there being able to tell who someone voted for just because they were rude	14
Good to know! We didn't get any when we went Friday evening, but we can try again.	17
Keeping [NAME] was a great decision. What are you even talking about!?	14
They make money to sit and talk to you there's no reason to feel like a burdon cause it's legit their job.	2
It’s disgusting	11
Love the homeless encampment in the photo.	0
You sound angry.	2
At the same time liberals are lining up to applaud [NAME] for how incredibly woke they are...	14
Well done Kepa get in!!!!	14
Yes sir ! Cheers. I miss typed I get #120 20mg.	0
Spending new years in bed hoping desperately not to wake up	17
Yeah, 16 yearolds being attracted to other 16 yearolds sure is creepy... 	11
The car analogy is silly because car problems are physical and material and hence clearly factual diagnosable. “Toxic masculinity” is a squishy theoretical concept.	2
So unsatisfying that it didn’t end with a pit maneuver.	25
That’s where he collected pebbles and hid them in the carton become part of that same alias I used.	27
Thank you! We’re currently shoveling ourselves out of the driveway, hopefully well be going there soon	0
That was my first thought	27
These are some of the most talented marbles I've ever had the honor and privilege of watching.	14
OMG she's BYEsexual. Sorry I had to.	0
In all seriousness, glad you're all okay and that you shared this awesome story. Congrats btw. 	0
I'll call [NAME], somebody else get smashmouth ready	27
it's why it took us so long to sign him	27
Nice find!	14
I shouldn't be tanking this much rating after even a year bro. You don't understand how bad it feels to be in this garbage elo.	2
Got to love the people who decry a two-colour view of the world by painting it all monochrome	0
I have several questions.	6
[NAME] got really better after his confrontation with [NAME].	27
It means that people can be unhappy for being misunderstood. Under any circumstance.	27
Thank you so much.	0
I died a little inside watching all of that champagne go to waste.	25
This is on a video about electric guitars what the fuck?	2
Welcome to my world. fml	17
They didn't play it safe. They played it big and failed hard. The plot is too damn big for a soft-reboot game.-* +	10
I can talk to them, but they won’t be able to do anything except listen 	27
This is oddly wholesome. I love it.	0
How? They don't have SoundCloud or anything and it's usually played before you're killed.	27
You shouldn't be using hydrocortisone on your face:	10
Oh yeah, it's really dehumanizing to have respect for people's private property and not steal it from them whenever we feel like it...	2
literally everyone until there is not a single potential enemy left on this earth that's how fascism works, buddy.	0
As someone who is dairy intolerant (milk is in _everything _!!) this veganuary is awesome :D	17
I’m a left-leaning libertarian, and it annoys me that the left won’t have an honest conversation on immigration and border security.	2
"I'd love if this just quick-panned to [NAME] giving a brutal RBF while this moid fawned over her ""personality shining"""	0
Thanks I was wondering what the sparks from his head were about.	0
I once got flowers from a girl... idk why but it just feels good	17
Hi let’s not compare basketball to the man speaking out against a dictator and fearing for his life because of it thank you	0
They're all so cute~ Here's mine	14
RIP. Sad for his family and the bull riding community.	25
This is incorrect. Taiwan was regarded as an island of no importance.	27
I’m sorry on behalf of all the idiot guys. They didn’t take my class. How Not to be Creepy 101.	25
See this guy gets it!	14
thank [NAME] that period is over, pretty sure the lightning had like -89 shots that period	17
Your both right and I'd rather have the drink than a rynair flight !	0
I’m sorry, I’m my opinion it isn’t sweet. 	10
Amazing, I would also be deeply in love. So happy for you Hun. Enjoy every bit💕💕	14
I never read it, but I sure remember being creeped out by this claymation version	25
You are so right. Reddit response of reading only the first few words. It's been a long damn week. My apologies.	25
I know!! That temp swing is going to be crazy. But thank [NAME]!!	0
Assassins Creed Odyssey is awesome, as well as Shadow of War. Both great adventure games.	14
My heart is breaking for you OP... good luck on your job search though!!	17
Lmao I’m so sorry but yet intrigued as to how it contributed to your breakup?	25
Get out, clown	27
She's as beautiful and as happy as ever	14
Really? Everything seems pretty in order to me	14
There’s a 9/11 chance he’s juicy.	27
[NAME] giving us an iconic HUH! HUH! I'm acting moment LMAO.	17
Or plan ahead, call 511 periodically for updates, and don't put your shitty load ahead of your own life.	17
I mean, she actually is a genius, so I really dont have a problem with her identifying herself as one	14
"lol me too. _""Go on in you scraggly old bastard!""_"	17
If you bake em you're gonna have a bad time	2
Best! Episode! Ever! There is like a joke every 20 seconds.	17
Wow, they really went to great lengths to find their dog - she is obviously very well loved. 	27
It really is. I didn't know a thing about the feud and it caught me off guard how brutal it was. Enjoyed it a lot though.	17
Incorrect. I'll go with what [NAME] tells me thanks.	10
I love adamtots. He's a great comic creator	14
Lol i love this person	0
So that’s what it looks like when it’s not a flop	17
That head pat and hug was the physical equivalent of “oh my sweet summer child.”	0
I'd be so pissed if that was my lunch	17
You can always view afterwards, no confidential votes in Parliament.	0
I just guffawed at work. I hope your lawyer takes him to the cleaners.	17
Would be interesting to see a referendum where only UKIP and Lib Dem members vote.	17
I'm ashamed that while trying to figure out what TKE stands for all I can come up with is Tau Kappa Epsilon.	25
I actually have an odd feeling the game will become even more fun than before.	17
Yeah ik that should be unacceptable too lmao	17
Good try now turn the lights on.	14
2005? I think we might be the same person lol. What a terrible year. I go back to that one a lot.	14
Because the false accusation makes my anxiety worse	2
[NAME] I HATE those.	2
